# Applying Multi Agent Approaches in Large Language Models - CMPE492 Bachelor Project
Large Language Models is being used in various industries and provides solutions to many problems within these areas. One of the best ways to solve the complex problems that requires many steps and reasoning to solve is through agents with LLMs. By defining the role of an agent, giving some system prompts and explaining the tasks to accomplish, agents can be quite successful in solving these problems. There are many ways to design the agent architecture. This study investigates and applies multi-agent approach in LLMs with use cases.

The application of multi-agent approaches in LLMs might be crucial to solve complex, collaborative tasks with higher accuracy than single-agent approaches. By bringing improvements in decision-making, problem-solving and user interactions, multi-agent structures could be used in many areas such as healthcare, finance, law and so on. This study gives one of the examples through debate, a structured discussion where agents argue opposing viewpoints on a specific topic and jury agent judges using some metrics.

The project ”Applying Multi Agent Approaches in Large Language Models” involves discovering LLM multi-agent approaches in several structures, comparing different multi-agent frameworks, prompt techniques, LLM models and analyzing the results and performances of these systems. Currently, we are examining the similarity of LLMs' approaches to human morals with the data and scenario templates we get from the [Moral Machine experiment](https://www.moralmachine.net/).
